Update api-analytics-dashboard.adoc (#178)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/api-analytics-dashboard.adoc

By default, the enhanced metrics view is selected. To switch views, select *Switch to classic metrics*. From the classic metrics view, select *Show new metrics view*.

> Charts that contain the `Last 1 hour` label show data that has been collected between now and the past 60 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charts displaying the `Last 1 hour` label show data that has been collected during the past 60 minutes, starting with the current time.
```
